change "pull or merge request" to "pull request or merge request" (#2070)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-supply-chain/glossary.md

A reachable finding means that you are using both a vulnerable code pattern (the **usage**) and the vulnerable version of a dependency. Within Semgrep Supply Chain, specific findings (usages) are grouped together by their vulnerability.

> Continuous integration scans with Semgrep Supply Chain rules can block pull requests or merge requests upon detecting any reachable findings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CI scans with Semgrep Supply Chain rules can block pull requests or merge requests upon detecting any reachable findings.
```
Just to shorten things a bit.
